hey guys what's up welcome back with the
smolitics channel I'm really excited
because today I'm going to be reviewing
series day 1 of her what I eat in a day
slash this one is one of her breakfast
videos that she just released a lot of
you guys requested Sara's day I
personally love Sara's day I think I've
been watching her account for a long
time I'm really excited to take a look
at like the nutritional breakdown of her
whatever recipe she's recommending in
this video yeah so let's jump into it
and before we get started remember to
give this video a like and subscribe for
more content tailored to petite women so
you want to start with creaming up into
180 degree Celsius so in this recipe I
am giving uncontaminated oats which is
like gluten-free oats I think I just
have to say I love that she says this is
like easy and simple breakfast recipes
and then the first step is turn on the
oven like we were doing my version of
simple and easy there would be like no
cook recipes but I think I know where
she's going with this and it's not gonna
be too difficult I just think it's funny
so I'm doing 1 cup of plain rolled oats
1 cup liberal bikinis I love oats ate
them every day however for a very long
time I was eating way more than I knew
that I needed I thought that I needed
that much but really you don't want to
have too many oats in your breakfast too
many oats because oats are carbohydrate
and carbohydrate is sugar when it's
broken down to the bloodstream now you
need carbs I'm not saying carbs are bad
but you want to make sure if you're
eating the carbs that you're going to
surround it with healthy fats and
protein which I'm pretty sure she's
gonna do but I just want to say off the
bat if you were eating just oats for
your breakfast and there's nothing else
in it where if it's fruit in it which is
more carbs while as ingredients they are
absolutely healthy and essential for
your diet you do want to have them
balanced with a fat like chia seeds or
almond butter and then a protein like
adding a you know a side of eggs or
having some protein powder that's
dissolved into it but yeah and the
reason why is because whenever we have
carbohydrates naked or alone I'll say
basically our sugar our blood sugar
increases right and then this hormone
called insulin which is the storage
hormone it comes in and it takes the
sugar out of our bloodstream and tries
to find places in the body to put it
it's then I'm gonna go and deposit into
our fat cells so it's not that carbs
make you fat they don't you just want to
slow the uptake of absorption of those
sugars into the bloodstream by pairing
it with fat and a protein that way to
get our carbs and I'll you have your
cake and eat it too or you have her
carbs and you do but that would be the
same thing but you know what I'm saying
just don't eat them alone that's what
I'm trying to say it's not that they're
bad just don't eat them alone so your
blood sugar levels stay regular and
steady throughout the day and you're not
you know telling your body to store the
excesses that I think she said this was
buckwheat which is a wise - buckwheat
groats 1/4 another dark incontinence and
then 1/2 a cup of any dried for it I
have quite a cup of cacao nibs
really healthy obviously source of
antioxidants cacao has fiber in it so
that's amazing however however cacao
nibs do have a lot of you know carbs and
sugar sometimes sugar in them so I'm not
sure what kind she's using but that's
another thing that's adding to her list
of carbs here which is fine because
she's still adding to the ingredients
and then the dried fruit dried through
is
hi and sugar there's often added sugars
and it's just very sweet so right now if
we were to like stop this recipe it's
pretty much all sugar and carbs so you
know not process it's all it's all say
that this is great because it's all
really healthy ingredients not processed
full foods on however I'm hoping she's
gonna balance this out with some healthy
fats hopefully some fiber I hope she
gets some more fiber in there hope
you'll have fiber but it's always good
to have a little bit more and she'll
probably add some protein so we'll check
it out 2 tablespoons of raw cacao and 3
tablespoons of chocolate P protein I'm
using protein might repeat ivesville
lean protein and they'd be quiet so
she's using pea protein there's
basically two main kinds of protein when
it comes to powders or supplements
there's way which is made from animals
and then there is or it's animal derived
I should say then there's P protein
which a plant dragged it's a plant
derived protein so she's using P protein
obviously it's you know safe if you
looked if you don't eat meat if you're
vegan vegetarian and this is also pretty
easy to digest I always suggest that if
you can't tolerate way for example it
gives me an upset stomach it kind of can
cause bloating or gas for some then
switch to a plant-based protein such as
pea protein now that's all mixed
together I'm going to add 3 tablespoons
of melted coconut oil and then I lost
what ingredient is agave nectar
laughing it's not honey rice milk here
it's totally up to you any kind of like
okay I love that she added the coconut
because it is obviously a fact and the
coconut oil is really important to
balance out the meal because as right
now there wasn't a ton of fats and the
meal you want to have protein fats and
carbs preferably a fibrous carb the fats
are really good they're going to keep
you full they're good for your hormones
and they're gonna provide
for having cravings later in the day and
then she is adding a sweetener I
personally don't like sweet things
because I've just weaned myself off of
sugar for the last five years or so
I personally don't add sugar to any of
the things that I you know smoothies or
bowls you know acai whatever it is
because I don't need it if you do want
to add sweetener it's totally fine
you're not gonna die it's okay it does
fit into the kind of carb category so
more sugars so just be aware that you're
balancing these sugars with some protein
and healthy fats to make sure that
you're going to digest it slow enough so
that you don't get this huge sugar rush
so she chose agave nectar is a good
option you can choose I think she
mentioned some other supplements some
other options maple you can do stevia if
you want that is an artificial sweetener
and by the way there are studies that
show that artificial sweeteners also
result in basically the same pattern of
our insulin peaking in response to real
sugar so just keep that in mind when it
comes to you know diet soda is an
artificial sweeteners your basically
your insulin and your body is not fooled
it's like they send sweet and the brain
and insulin is released in response so
let's keep going wait now I'm going to
add 1/3 of a cup of these it so I just
line my baking tray with some baking
paper and we're going to pour that over
the top and then I do try to cut it down
relatively flat with all cooks evenly
now back to it and check it after 10
minutes I'm just going to pull it out of
that for a little bit and just fix it
around all of the granola and throw it
into a bowl with some fruit very minute
first okay we're in there as well so
she's taking this meal which i think is
balanced and in itself now because it
has the fats and has some fiber
obviously it has the carbs it has a
little bit of protein and she's pairing
it with more fruit fruit in itself will
not make you fat I want to make sure I'm
really clear about that
I would not pair this together only
because for me personally and also you
guys know like we're smaller this is
gonna be a huge
sugar rush unnatural sugar rush I will
say it's very healthy however you might
feel a little sick after this or you
just it's a lot of sugar and especially
given how much sugar it is if you guys
ever heard of a sugar crash you might
have one from this kind of meal however
it is healthy what I would do instead is
I would put this granola into a yogurt
of any kind I would say a Greek yogurt
like a one or two percent fat Greek
yogurt would be really great or even
pour some almond milk over it because
with the yogurt you'll get the protein
with the fruit you just get more sugar
and work hard so that's just something
that I might change however I still love
all the ingredients used and I'm I'm
digging this recipe it sounds really
delicious ok let's move to her next
recipe in this video Swilly in a job and
you can might grab it whispering to me
it's so easy it's social time this is
perfect and to be honest I often have
this as a snack not even breakfast and
we're going so but we're brushing your
body is it's literally in a job so this
is my coconut berry jam pudding ok this
is totally up to you you can either stop
at the champ putting down the water but
I find putting my very standard what
amazes me because my own The Guardian by
busy people I don't have time for I
don't know I think I get this right
breath you guys chia pudding is so
versatile it is such a such a great
recipe to have in your repertoire like
it's easy to make you literally can make
it the night before work just put it in
the fridge and and grab it before you
around the house and it's so healthy you
can add a protein powder the chia seeds
themselves are like magical little seeds
when I first discovered them they made
my nutrition so much easier because
about a tablespoon has about 4 to 5
grams of dietary fiber and you need 30
in a day roughly so as you can tell like
a little bit is gonna go a long way and
it's gonna really help you get your
fiber up for the day so I love chia
pudding
great way to start your breakfast and
it's also really pretty
I also liked her portions with the
blueberries that was a really good
portion I'm loving this
already this is probably gonna be my
favorite and then a petite power my
fitness and nutrition program from the
tea women I have a chia pudding recipe
because it is literally just such a good
recipe to have and to know how to make
and everyone seems to love it grandma
all the way my family will cut without
the biggest okay my number one question
when it comes to chain footings is what
is the ratio how do you get the right
consistency I have went down for you it
is two tablespoons of JC what's six
tablespoons of milk and then it's
literally as simple as putting the lid
on and shaking it up so obviously you
guys can see it's still liquidy but
we're gonna chuck it into the frigid is
going to sit what's going to become like
a kind of consistency now honey I
thought I think that coconut necked up
or you have I'm going to add one
teaspoon of vanilla as well I love it
vanilla is really good one last time the
a griddle on the top I know what that
texture I like to have crunch in there
as well I'm going to add claw okay so I
like this again she seems to be doing
sweeter recipes I'm not sure if in the
beginning she said this was sweeter but
yeah she's she had liquid stevia which
she was a zero calorie sweetener
artificial sweetener
totally fine if I was gonna sweeten
something I probably prefer to do that
or she said agave however I think fruit
do a good job making like a natural
sweetening to the chia pudding
especially if you have blueberries and
raspberries in there it's gonna the
sugars are gonna be able to work by the
chia seeds and then she's adding some
granola to top it off which you could do
but with granola it's very cool dude
because of the nature of nuts fats have
more calories in a gram than protein or
carbs you probably don't need more than
a 1/4 of a cup or less really of granola
when you sprinkle it on top
let's move on to her next recipe and
then we'll just do three together
because she has five in this and I'll
link to the video below and you guys can
see the rest of her recipes if you want
my first savory recipe on this video is
zucchini fritters beep okay so started
off with two large to medium zucchinis
I'm going to grate ten if you have large
bikinis maybe just do one and a half if
they medium you can do - okay the trick
to having beautiful British and Soviet
fitness it's getting rid of the water in
the zucchini so anyway I'm going to get
the water out of the zucchini is using
and the upper bag so then I took the
zucchini either good app and then just
want to squeeze it as hard as you can
and get as much of the water out as
possible because like I said that's just
going to help them for this day together
and not be all soggy and gross so I can
find that too my right hand is on like a
medium-high heat
totally optional but I advertise 50
grams which is like to raise lots of
hand I just love
it's probably the most unhealthy thing I
ate I just so I'm going to add so select
I've gone against pagan and ham it's a
fad and that's fine and a little bit of
protein what I don't love is processed
deli meats not my fav not my top
recommendation you can avoid cold cuts
that's good if cold cuts is the best
option available to you then that's ok
we work with what we can but cold cuts
are processed meats they tend to have a
lot of extra things and then like sodium
and preservatives and stuff that has
been shown to slow down the metabolism
so if you're eating it once a week it's
fine but if you're eating deli meat
every day I would I would encourage you
to look into better sources of protein
whether it's turkey breasts or chicken
back presse or lean fish salmon things
like this are going to be less processed
and have a better effect on your
metabolism in the long run that's and
then I'm going to add that to the pan as
well cracking two eggs into the bowl
whisk it with a poke and then add my
zucchini and one tablespoon of coconut
flour and then salt and pepper to taste
I like my oil very salty so yeah you do
you with that one again alright now
we're taking a punishment fragments
actually make our choice and then it's
roughly two minutes on each side or
until golden brown then I'm going to top
it off with my tahini ranch because I
don't know how to make
being clean okay this is making me
hungry this looks so good lager I think
this would be more of a snack for me
because I'm guessing the eggs and the
ham are probably maybe 10 or 12 grams
protein total and I would aim to get 20
or 30 grams in a meal especially your
breakfast meal and you know this is a
low calorie meal for sure zucchini has
pretty much no calories in it but it's a
good source of fiber and I love that she
has some little micro greens or arugula
and some tomatoes on the side too that's
great for her micronutrients I love this
I'm actually gonna try this I have made
something like this before and she what
she said about the zucchini it's really
important if you just if you don't wring
it out it's gonna not get that nice
crispy Brown top because you can't hold
so much water so make sure you really
wring it out and I once I tried using
paper towels for this and I wasted a lot
of paper towel and that was I'm really
not about that so don't use paper towel
there's so much water in there you'd be
surprised but overall I love Sarah's day
I loved these recipes I would modify
them slightly but this is pretty much
how I eat as well notice that she used
pretty much 90% whole unprocessed foods
for the most part you know things that
are single ingredient meaning you can't
look on the back of a box of any of
these you know arugula has one
ingredient it's arugula there's no label
on it because it's the only ingredient
in it and the same kind of goes for eggs
zucchini you know the nuts whatever
she's adding there are all single
ingredients that she's adding together I
wouldn't call this a simple recipe just
cuz you have to wring out the zucchini
and then cook it on the stove top
overall I really love her nutritional
stuff I think she has a lot of great
videos for inspiration and she's so
she's so health conscious that it's
always inspiring to watch her stuff I
hope you guys loved this video let me
know who you want to see me review next
whether it's fitness or nutrition and if
you love this video and you like hearing
more about this nutrition stuff this is
nutrition stuff you know what I mean
like you like talking about nutrition
and food with me then give this video a
like and subscribe for more content and
I will see you guys next week
[Music]